working-groups: add online restore working group (#131)
pingcap/community: working-groups/wg-online-restore.md

# Online Restore Group

## Goals

> Currently, BR only supports offline restore, but some users need online restore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, Backup and Restore function in TiKV only supports offline restore, but some users need online restore.
```

> The goal of this project: to support online restore, during which the online

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The goal of this working group is to support online restore, during which the online
```

> query should not have a significant impact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
queries should not be impacted. 
```

Issues:
- [BR supports online restore](https://github.com/pingcap/br/issues/87)

## Work and Meeting

> * Regular Working Group Meeting: 3pm on every Thursday

Reviewer 2: in which time zone?

Reviewer 2: ```
* Regular Working Group Meeting: 5:00, Wednesdays at PT (Pacific Time) (biweekly). [Convert to your timezone](http://www.thetimezoneconverter.com/?t=5:00&tz=PT%20%28Pacific%20Time%29).
```

you can follow this format

* Meeting Zoom: [https://pingcap.zoom.com.cn/j/3101730338](https://pingcap.zoom.com.cn/j/3101730338)
* Progress: [https://github.com/pingcap/br/issues/87](https://github.com/pingcap/br/issues/87)
* [Meeting Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IeBGsHM2B6Eyio2qsRn-p_MuXBgcVdhtfwHj4zC2qSQ/edit?usp=sharing)

## Mentors

* [overvenus](https://github.com/overvenus), [@PingCAP](https://github.com/overvenus)

## Members

* [disksing](https://github.com/disksing), [@PingCAP](https://github.com/pingcap)
* [zimulala](https://github.com/zimulala), [@PingCAP](https://github.com/zimulala)
* [lhy1024](https://github.com/andylokandy), [@PingCAP](https://github.com/lhy1024)

> * [nolouch](https://github.com/nolouch), [@PingCAP](https://github.com/nolouch)

Reviewer 3: please add contact for slack channel

# Online Restore Group

## Goals

Currently, Backup and Restore function in TiKV only supports offline restore, but some users need online restore.
The goal of this working group is to support online restore, during which the online queries should not be impacted.

Issues:
- [BR supports online restore](https://github.com/pingcap/br/issues/87)

## Work and Meeting

* Regular Working Group Meeting: 3pm on every Thursday at GMT+8.
* Meeting Zoom: [https://pingcap.zoom.com.cn/j/3101730338](https://pingcap.zoom.com.cn/j/3101730338)
* Progress: [https://github.com/pingcap/br/issues/87](https://github.com/pingcap/br/issues/87)
* [Meeting Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1IeBGsHM2B6Eyio2qsRn-p_MuXBgcVdhtfwHj4zC2qSQ/edit?usp=sharing)

## Mentors

* [overvenus](https://github.com/overvenus), [@PingCAP](https://github.com/overvenus)

## Members

* [disksing](https://github.com/disksing), [@PingCAP](https://github.com/pingcap)
* [zimulala](https://github.com/zimulala), [@PingCAP](https://github.com/zimulala)

> * [lhy1024](https://github.com/andylokandy), [@PingCAP](https://github.com/lhy1024)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* [lhy1024](https://github.com/lhy1024), [@PingCAP](https://github.com/lhy1024)
```
